---
title: Privacy Policy
icon: eye-invisible
---

This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how GeekHub, Inc. (“GeekHub”) may collect and use the personal information
you provide when using the Service. “Service” includes the website GeekHub.tw (the “Website”) and its subdomains and any
related content, software, applications, materials and/or services made available by GeekHub through the Website.

BY USING THE SERVICE YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. PLEASE READ IT.

1. Information We Collect From You and How We Use It General

In general, you may visit our Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about
yourself. You may provide certain personal information if you register an account or to use the mock GeekHub services or
if you send email or other information to us as described below. Like many websites, we also collect information
automatically that may be connected to you from the servers used to support the Service as described below.

Registering an Account and Other Functions

To use the GeekHub features and certain other features of the Service, you will need to register an account and provide
certain personal information, such as your name and email address. In addition, when registering your account, you will
have the option of providing certain additional information such as your geographical location and current employer.

Information You Provide Through Interviews

If you elect to use the GeekHub functions of the Service, you are solely responsible for the information that you choose
to provide during such interviews. Although we instruct interviewers not to share replays of interviews, any information
shared during an interview (either by an interviewer or interviewee as applicable) is not confidential. Accordingly,
please be aware that while we take your privacy seriously, we cannot guarantee that your interviewer or interviewee will
not share information that you disclose during an interview to other persons.

Third Party Institutional Use

GeekHub may provide certain functionality for, or administer the Service on behalf of, third party institutions (“Third
Party Institutions”), for training or other purposes (“Institutional Use”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to Third
Party Institutions or such Institutional Uses. In association with such Institutional Uses, we may, as directed by such
applicable Third Party Institution, share your interviews and your information, including information that provide
during interviews, with such applicable Third Party Institution, and its staff. In addition, Third Party Institutions
may share your interviews, including the information that you chose to provide during such interviews, with their staff,
or other parties. We have not reviewed the privacy policies of any Third Party Institutions and do not control and are
not responsible for their privacy policies or their use of your information. If you are using the Service as part of an
Institutional Use, you should understand that you do so at your own risk.

If you are unsure whether you are using the Service pursuant to an Institutional Use, then you may contact us with your
questions as set forth in Section 9 (Contacts) below.

How We Use and Share Your Information

We may use any information we collect about you or about your use of the Service in connection with the operation of our
business as well as to improve the Service or otherwise in connection with our management of the Service. We may also
use information we collect about you for the following purposes:

Security and protection of personnel, assets, and resources; Regulatory compliance and monitoring; and Compliance with
legal requirements or to defend or pursue legal claims. If you register an account, we may contact you via the
information you provide us to inform you of system downtime, performance enhancements and other reasonably related
information relating to the Service.

If you register an account or join one of our mailing lists, we may also use the information we collect to occasionally
notify you about functionality changes to the Website, new products or services we provide, and offers we think will be
of interest to you, subject to the opt-out option in Section 10 below.

We may create from information we collect from you anonymous demographic information that is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, domicile, age, gender, preferences, and interests. We may use or permit use of this information with
affiliates, advertisers, business partners, or unaffiliated third parties for our or their business purposes. In
addition, we may share aggregated, anonymized data with third parties for any academic, research or similar purposes.

We may provide your information to third parties for the processing of that information for our benefit, including to
improve the Service, but we will not provide your information to any third party for marketing purposes.

Our server logs capture information regarding your operating system, browser software, IP (Internet Protocol) address,
information about the device you use to access the Service, and the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to,
through, and from our Website, including date and time. We may use this information to improve the performance of our
servers and to administer the Service.

Cookies and Third Party Service Providers

Like many services, we use application logs, “cookies” and other tracking technologies for the purposes described above
as well as to enhance the functionality of the Service.

Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that can be downloaded to your device when you visit a
website. The cookies we use are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such
as accessing secure areas of the Website. Although you can disable cookies on your device by indicating this in the
preferences or options menus in your browser, doing so may limit your ability to use certain functions of the Service.

We may also use web analytics services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics and Heap Analytics.

Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help
us analyze how users interact with the Service. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (
including your IP address) will be transmitted to, and stored by, Google on their servers. Google will use this
information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on website activity for us and
providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to
third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by
selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use
the full functionality of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google
in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Similarly, we send information to Heap Analytics for monitoring usage and performance issues, and optimizing your
experience.

Heap Analytics may also store session cookies or other cookie types on your computer for the purpose of providing us
with usage information intended to provide you with a better user experience.
